hello three pause I'm coming and welcome
to g4g group com I'm not sponsored let's
just get that out of the way but it is
is is it's a site where you can get
cases and open them so that's basically
it isn't it yeah so we're gonna try a
couple of boxes I'm first gonna try this
off box and see monarch and then i'm
going to try a case this is just an off
case just ops gets so yeah without
further ado let's try it out okay oh
that's the sound that's good that's good
ah that's bad we're gonna settle that
and try again why should we try again
let's try again one more time Oh bouquet
o baby o almost the yes-mo it's why
perfect yep I fact i'm gonna go with a
case do this is that all the stuff you
could oh there's a lot of nights that's
a lot of nice so yeah that's just open
case that's right feeling Pumped Up dad
is pretty cool that is cool judgment of
Anubis down that was actually critical
she would try them on more you have yeah
we have yeah let's try one more try
again there's a lot of nice a lot goes
to Singler what the fuck fuck you gay
burn our dresses in gaben actually g4 GD
drop or something g4 drop try and try
again until you get this message this is
what we have one so far that was kind of
cool I want that for 657 there so that
so that sold that so let's sell this and
let's sell this that means we had two
nite no six
yeah 667 let's just try it one more one
more of these yeah come on it's a good I
don't want to see I don't want to see I
don't want to see oh I like that one I
actually like that one it's it's not
worth shit though that's sad but uh yeah
what does that mean how much do have a
268 249 okay come on that's the last one
I think what the fuck is that God that
was so I was so close that's free that
was really close well let's go back to
our profile let's see could sell this of
course but we have how much do you have
web 0.2 35 okay jairo go there we go
there we go there we go so what was that
all about it's a bunch of different
cases there's like wildfire gamma yeah
you probably already knew that why am i
String it winter winter offense that's
pretty cool pretty cool and he is it and
we're gonna of course try again with
y'all but first okay I like that sound
that's awesome
are you fucking kidding me are you
kidding me are you kidding me knife that
knife there look like try again try get
fresh face fresh face look at this is
bad I have the worst luck in the tile
tire world just ate my bear yeah how
much eight we're gonna go put another
off that's three yeah let's do it 180
and one under to annotate quad don't be
so powerfully mesh you're joking right
hey you know what you know what you know
one better drop than gaben my ass let's
go for the lowest of the low okay like
not slow think that's the lowest yes it
is let's try a breakout breakout let's
try that or or or we can go all in with
one last of these hmm no I'm gonna go
with 11 of them ah you're Tsarevich that
is actually pretty good yeah yeah I like
that okay I like that I like that hmm
let's go on our profile again
Oh
there we go about the Safari mash by we
got the Phobos by how many now ah so you
can do one more or 20 right Clara yeah
let's do 10 we can do it okay I once
boys gone gone dammit dammit okay what
are we gonna do what are we going to do
boys and girls what are we going to do
better drop than gaben okay
what let's go with this let's go with
this this this is the last one boys a
girl so let's pray deck a bad please
influence this site that has almost
nothing to do with you please be with me
forever and always hey let's go forget
to check what we could get but seems
critical and I'm done knocking how this
was just a no no no so yeah you can
accept it and then it will be
transferred to your steam account so
that's pretty cool you need to have your
trade length o connected oh yeah that's
really cool i like this it's fun and
addictive and i like that the first
thing i got with this for ya 6 and yeah
it's pretty good 13 cases open that's
pretty good too yeah that's this episode
on just a little tiny little episode not
it no it wasn't damn i've been going on
for a while I should shut up okay last
that I silly to 20 pots of a perinatal
rebellion and I'll see you all in the
next wanna click the annotations for
more videos and subscribe bye
I don't want to yeah
chain I don't want to be like you
you know when we were younger and like a
James Bond for 12 night
we didn't play it on 64 because you
didn't have a these people but we've may
use appeared illegally